hello how are you welcome to one more time
to this your most ideal health channel to
Javier and today we are going to talk about what
it's eating healthy you hear a lot
talk about eating healthy eating healthy
but it is not explained for sure
that is
some people may think that eating
healthy is having breakfast lunch and dinner
vegetable or fruit salads for
others may mean not having breakfast alone
lunch and dinner there will be those who think
healthy eating is just having cereal with
milk for sure there can be so many
definitions as people in the world
for that reason we have dedicated this
space to mention the main ones
aspects of healthy eating and
Once you know them, you can eat healthy
The fundamental thing is not to skip
none of the meals are all the same
of important and each one has a degree
of participation in good
functioning of our body
The more times you eat during the day
Less hungry will you feel at mealtime
it sounds too obvious but usually
we do not take into account your breakfast should
be as complete as possible cereals
bread
the egg milk the fruit juice
natural are called to be
protagonists in this elementary first
food of the day
for the mid morning it is highly recommended
some fruit preferably one
single class avoids mixing them then comes
the lunch in which you should procure the
presence of proteins like meat the
chicken and fish added to a portion
regular carbohydrates like rice
the potato or the pastas accompany them with
a vegetable salad will be a
excellent choice in the afternoon
small snack is totally
allowed to later end the day
with a light dinner which can be
composed of some protein like
roasted chicken breast or tuna in water and
only if it is necessary to complete it with a
green salad prefer foods
prepared on the grill or roasted in
fried place is recommended if
you like sausages I have to tell you
breast low fat turkey is
the few accepted in a healthy
feeding
consider as one of your practices
avoid the excess sugar present in
Gaseous desserts and drinks to
long day drinking water should
Become one of your greats
hobbies because this vital liquid is
used by our body to
functions like regulating the temperature
body keep the skin smooth and young
transport food lubricate the
joints as well as many but
many other nuts the oil
olive and avocado are good fats
which you should include in your
feeding without abuse always have
present that the balance is the key to
healthy eating
I hope this has been very useful for you
video and I'll wait for you soon for this you
mdc channel ideal until then